What was the total revenue generated yesterday?
How many items were sold in the last month?
Can you provide the average daily sales volume for the previous month?
How many different customers we had last week?
How many orders were processed two days ago?
What was the sales last Friday?
Can you report the total number of orders placed during the last weekend?
What was the average order value in the previous week?
How many units were sold last year?
How many orders we had last year?
What was the average basket size for purchases made last Thursday?
How many different customers made purchases in the last month?
What was the average sales amount for customers in the last week?
Can you provide the total units sold during the year?
What was the average basket value for all orderslast week?
What was the most popular product category sold last month?
What is the most sold Product Type yesterday?
How many units of the most sold product marketing category last week?
How many orders did we have from the 16th of Dec 2023 to 18th Dec 2024?
What was the month with the highest sales last year?
How did Compression Socks sales perform in the USA market in the previous month?
What was the sales growth of Hiking Classic Socks in the European market last month?
How many units of product product pack = 1 were sold last week?
What's the average basket value in the Canadian market last month?
How many units of Headwear were sold in the previous 4 days?
What was the revenue generated from Dress Socks and Female Underwear last month?
How many orders were placed containing Hiking Classic Socks last 2 days?
What was the sales of Men's Classic Trunks last month?
How many units of Men's Merino T-Shirt were sold last year?
What average basket size last month?
What was the sales of Male Underwear in Italy last 4 days?
What's the average basket size in Poland last 5 days?
Could you give me the sales amount of Male Underwear in the Swedish market for the previous year?
How many units and gross sales in the UK market on monthly basis for this year?
How many units and gross sales in the UK market on weekly basis for this year?
How was the sales for B01DBQVR1U in the uk market last week?
Give me the monthly sales for B01DKD3KRS in the japanese market last month
How was the sales of Anti-Friction Race Socks 2-pack MC (1xBlack, 1xOrange) 43-47 in the previous 4 days?
How was the sales of products in the colour Black last quarter?
How was the sales of products in the colour Black/Big Logo last month?
Can you provide the YoY sales growth rate for Compression Socks in the USA market by month for the last year?
What was the WoW units sold change for Hiking Classic Socks in the France during the last month?
How does the YoY units sold of "product pack = 1" compare week over week for the past month?
Could you calculate the YoY sales growth for Casual Wear last quarter?
What's the YoY change in average basket value in the Canadian market for the past year, month over month?
Can you show the WoW change in units sold for Headwear in the past month?
What was the YoY sales growth for Dress Socks and Female Underwear for the month of February?
What was the YoY growth in units of Hiking Classic Socks in the last month?
What is the YoY sales growth of Male Underwear for each month last year?
Could you provide the YoY and WoW analysis on the number of orders containing Hiking Classic Socks over the last quarter?
How did the units sold of Bamboo Dress Socks compare YoY in the Japanese market during the winter season last year?
What was the WoW sales performance of Running Wear in the UK and Germany during the last three months?
Can you calculate the YoY growth rate of units sold for Casual Clothing in Italy and Spain for each quarter of the previous year?
What is the YoY comparison of average units per order for Sports Underwear in the Poland and Netherlands markets during the last six months?
Could you provide the YoY sales comparison for Headwear across the USA and France markets during December last year?
What was the WoW growth of last week's sales for Headwear in Japan?
Give me the WoW growth in sales of the week from 25th of March to 31st of March 2024 sales for Headwear in Japan
How was the MoM growth in units for the month of April 2023 for Hiking Classic Socks in the market UK
What was the Growth in number of orders betweem Dec 2023 and September 2023?
What was the YoY growth in number of orders of last week?